As presented in previous sections, [KITEx][kitex] calculates the Chebyshev moments of a given expansion and stores them in the
same hdf file that was generated by the configuration script.
These moments are used by the post-processing tool named [KITE-tools][kitetools] to reconstruct the requested physical quantities
specified in the configuration script, such as the density of states or the optical conductivity.

In a basic setup, the python configuration script specifies the desired values for the parameters,
which are exported to the hdf file with other settings.
In this case, the hdf file contacting the Chebyshev moments calculated by [KITEx][kitex] works as an input,
[KITE-tools][kitetools] read the parameters and the Chebyshev moments from the hdf file and uses them to calculate the desired
quantities and export them in data files.
If a parameter is not specified, a default value is used.

However, most of these quantities depend on a set of parameters (Temperature, Fermi energy, …) that are not necessary
for the calculation of Chebyshev moments.
Therefore, the user can modify them and recalculate quantities with [KITE-tools][kitetools] without the need of recomputing the
Chebyshev moments, the time-consuming part of the calculations.
For example: if the user wants to compute the optical conductivity at several Fermi energies,
the Chebyshev moments are computed once and [KITE-tools][kitetools] can be used to obtain the optical conductivities for all Fermi energies.

For this purpose, the user has the flexibility to override the parameters from the python script by specifying them
in the command line interface. As an example, the setting

``` bash
./KITE-tools archive.h5 --CondOpt -F 1.2 -O -2 3 400
```
KITE-tools will calculate the optical conductivity with a Fermi energy of 1.2 (in units specified in the configuration file)
for 400 values of the frequency in the interval -2 and 3 (in the same units), even if the configuration file present a different values.

!!! Info

    For a more detailed list of possible commands for [KITE-tools][kitetools], look at the [API].

[kitex]: ../api/kitex.md
[kitetools]: ../api/kite-tools.md
[API]: ../api/kite-tools.md#advanced-usage