As presented in previous sections, [KITEx][kitex] calculates the Chebyshev moments of a given expansion and stores them in the
same hdf file that was generated by the configuration script.
These moments are used by the post-processing tool named [KITE-tools][kitetools] to reconstruct the requested physical quantities
specified in the configuration script, such as the density of states or the optical conductivity.

In a basic setup, the python configuration script specifies the desired values for the parameters,
which are exported to the hdf file with other settings.
In this case, the hdf file contacting the Chebyshev moments calculated by [KITEx][kitex] works as an input,
[KITE-tools][kitetools] read the parameters and the Chebyshev moments from the hdf file and uses them to calculate the desired
quantities and export them in data files.
If a parameter is not specified, a default value is used.

However, most of these quantities depend on a set of parameters (Temperature, Fermi energy, …) that are not necessary
for the calculation of Chebyshev moments.
Therefore, the user can modify them and recalculate quantities with [KITE-tools][kitetools] without the need of recomputing the
Chebyshev moments, the time-consuming part of the calculations.
For example: if the user wants to compute the optical conductivity at several Fermi energies,
the Chebyshev moments are computed once and [KITE-tools][kitetools] can be used to obtain the optical conductivities for all Fermi energies.

For this purpose, the user has the flexibility to override the parameters from the python script by specifying them
in the command line interface. As an example, let us consider the example  `#!python dos_optcond_gaussian_disorder.py`: If we consider the setting

``` bash
./KITE-tools optcond_gaussian_disorder-output.h5 --CondOpt -F 1.2 -O 0 10 1000 -N optcond0.5.dat
```
KITE-tools will calculate the optical conductivity with a Fermi energy specified by the option **-F** of 1.2 (in units specified in the configuration file). The option **-O** sets the frequency interval between 0 and 10 (in the same units) and the total number of frequency points (1000). These options will be used to recalculate the optical conductivity even if the original configuration file presents different values. 
The option **-N** defines the name of the output file.

We can modify the Fermi energy and produce a different optical conductivity without recalculating the Chebyshev moments:  

``` bash
./KITE-tools optcond_gaussian_disorder-output.h5 --CondOpt -F 0.5 -O 0 10 1000 -N optcond0.5.dat
```


!!! Info

    For a more detailed list of possible commands for [KITE-tools][kitetools], look at the [API].
    
 
 !! Warning

    Some functionalities use different postprocessing tools that are not included in KITE-tools. 
       
   

[kitex]: ../api/kitex.md
[kitetools]: ../api/kite-tools.md
[API]: ../api/kite-tools.md#advanced-usage